README.md, before:

# [Agency Jekyll Theme](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme) Starter Template
[![RubyGems Downloads](https://img.shields.io/gem/dt/jekyll-agency.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-agency)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-lightgrey.svg)](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![Tip Me via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-tip%20me-green.svg?logo=paypal)](https://www.paypal.me/raviriley)

This is the fastest and easiest way to get up and running on GitHub Pages.
Simply generate your own repository by clicking the [![template button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Use%20this%20template-brightgreen)](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme-starter/generate) button, 
then replace the sample content with your own and configure for your needs.

If you want your website to be at `YOUR-USERNAME.github.io`, that's what you must name your repo. If you want it to be like this: `https://raviriley.github.io/agency-jekyll-theme-starter/`, them make sure the `baseurl` in `_config.yml` matches the name of your repo.

**If you enjoy this theme, please consider [supporting me](https://www.paypal.me/raviriley) to continue developing and maintaining it.**

[![Support via PayPal](https://cdn.rawgit.com/twolfson/paypal-github-button/1.0.0/dist/button.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/raviriley)

Commit message:

adding basic overview instructions to ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Instructions for Editing

This site template uses the Agency Jekyll Theme: https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme. This repository includes the basic files for that template. Basic content customization can be done by changing text, images, and options already present in these files, and by adding files that follow the structure used by the [Agency theme repository](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme).

You can view the site at: https://digbmc.github.io/coll-news-site/ - if you make changes it may take a few minutes to rebuild the site.

NB: if you wish to preview changes on your local computer, you can do so by cloning or downloading this repository and installing and running Jekyll using [these instructions](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)

To learn more about Jekyll, see the [Jekyll documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/)

## [Agency Jekyll Theme](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme) Starter Template
[![RubyGems Downloads](https://img.shields.io/gem/dt/jekyll-agency.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-agency)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-lightgrey.svg)](https://github.com/raviriley/agency-jekyll-theme/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

**If you enjoy this theme, please consider [supporting the theme designer](https://www.paypal.me/raviriley) to continue developing and maintaining it.**

[![Support via PayPal](https://cdn.rawgit.com/twolfson/paypal-github-button/1.0.0/dist/button.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/raviriley)
